ROX-14221: upgrade procedures for cloud (#78259)
openshift/openshift-docs: cloud_service/upgrading-cloud/upgrade-cloudsvc-roxctl.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="upgrade-cloudsvc-roxctl"]

> = Manually upgrading secured clusters in RHACS Cloud Service by using the `roxctl` CLI

Reviewer: From the [OCP documentation guidelines](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc): "Do not use backticks or other markup in assembly or module headings."
```suggestion
= Manually upgrading secured clusters in RHACS Cloud Service by using the roxctl CLI
```

include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: upgrade-cloudsvc-roxctl

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]
You can upgrade your secured clusters in {product-title-managed-short} by using the `roxctl` CLI.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> You need to perform the manual upgrade procedure only if you used the `roxctl` CLI to install the secured clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to manually upgrade secured clusters only if you used the `roxctl` CLI to install the secured clusters.
```

> You need to perform the manual upgrade procedure only if you used the `roxctl` CLI to install {product-title-managed-short}.

Reviewer 2: This renders as
>  You need to perform the manual upgrade procedure only if you used the roxctl CLI to install RHACS Cloud Service.

which I think should be something like `to install the secured cluster(s)`

====

[id="upgrade-roxctl-cli"]
== Upgrading the `roxctl` CLI

> To upgrade the `roxctl` CLI to the latest version you must uninstall the existing version of `roxctl` CLI and then install the latest version of the `roxctl` CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To upgrade the `roxctl` CLI to the latest version, you must uninstall your current version of `roxctl` CLI and then install the latest version of the `roxctl` CLI.
```

include::modules/uninstall-roxctl-cli.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
include::modules/install-roxctl-cli-linux.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
include::modules/install-roxctl-cli-macos.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
include::modules/install-roxctl-cli-windows.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[id="upgrade-secured-clusters-cloud"]
== Upgrading all secured clusters manually

> [IMPORTANT]

Reviewer: I'm not sure why this admonition is separated into nested lists. In the preview, it makes the red box take up a lot of the page. Consider revising the wording to something like this to make the page easier to scan:
`* If you are using automatic upgrades, update all your secured clusters by using automatic upgrades.`
`* If you are not using automatic upgrades, complete the instructions in this section on all secured clusters. To ensure optimal functionality, use the same {product-title-short} version for your secured clusters that {product-title-managed-short} is running.`

====
* If you are using automatic upgrades:
** Update all your secured clusters by using automatic upgrades.
* If you are not using automatic upgrades, you must run the instructions in this section on all secured clusters.
** To ensure optimal functionality, use the same {product-title-short} version for your secured clusters that {product-title-managed-short} is running.
====

To complete manual upgrades of each secured cluster running Sensor, Collector, and Admission controller, follow these instructions.

include::modules/update-other-images.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

.Next steps
* xref:../../cloud_service/upgrading-cloud/upgrade-cloudsvc-roxctl.adoc#verify-secured-cluster-upgrade_upgrade-cloudsvc-roxctl[Verify the secured cluster upgrade]

> [Verifying secured cluster upgrade]

Reviewer: Should line 46 be removed?
